# Scrum of Scrums 
**Topics for Scrum of Scrums are listed below - to the date**
Agenda and description re this meeting- see here in Meetings overview:
https://citz.sp.gov.bc.ca/sites/SBC/REG/Projects/MVSM/_layouts/15/DocIdRedir.aspx?ID=S52QENDTEJAE-1724982671-2193 
---
June 9
---
- Agenda: 
    - Tech Review agenda and participation from the devs
    - What was completed, upcoming Sprint Goal and Action Items
    - Dependencies amongst teams on program level * Joint review of upcoming PBI’s and sprint goals to highlight and plan for potential impacts to delivery commitments
    - Integration progress (CI and clean build of the system)
    - Review current challenges re Processes and Tools"
------
May 25
---
- Agenda: 
    - What was completed, upcoming Sprint Goal and Action Items
    - Dependencies amongst teams on program level * Joint review of upcoming PBI’s and sprint goals to highlight and plan for potential impacts to delivery commitments
    - Integration progress (CI and clean build of the system)
    - Review current challenges re Processes and Tools"
---
May 11
---
- Agenda: 
    - What was completed, upcoming Sprint Goal and Action Items
    - Dependencies amongst teams on program level * Joint review of upcoming PBI’s and sprint goals to highlight and plan for potential impacts to delivery commitments
    - Integration progress (CI and clean build of the system)
    - Review current challenges re Processes and Tools"
    - Ops Rotation Tickets and tracking them in sprints
    - Collecting some more stats on the sprints
        - Measure of sprint goal success (rating scale of 1-10 on whether the goal was met)
        - Escaped defects (no of ops tickets created)
        - Epic time to market (time between start of dev and release to prod)
        - Scope changes (found work during the sprint) 


---
June 16
---
1. Invovle Trish in the planning meeting
1. Program level Sprint Review
    - Can be done in the PI meeting?
    - Any other options?
1. Follow up meeting within Shahriar and Jyoti for DEVOPS stories
1. Quality metrics for the releases. We are moving things in the relesae/sprint but we are not looking at a bigger picture
---
Mar 24
---
- Scrum Masters to discuss the process to improve the ad-hoc requests from developers (to other teams)
  Here are some ideas:
  - Block of time in the Sprint planning for team for cross dependency.
  - Use the dependency process
  - Add more documentation to the common components
  - Use Tech Review for demoing Common Components
  - Jyoti to have a discussion with Thor about:
    - What are the common components? List of all the common components
       - https://github.com/bcgov/sbc-common-components/tree/master/vue/sbc-common-components
    - Common components vs Components
    - how is it being decided a components has to be converted to common components?
    - Is there a process, if not, can we implement someone?

- Remote working plan discussion - if required, exist. doc see here:
https://github.com/bcgov/entity/blob/master/docs/Way%20of%20Working/Remote-work.md

- Shahriar on progress re Test-Automation that he wanted to drive:
https://github.com/bcgov/entity/blob/master/docs/Way%20of%20Working/DevOps%20%26%20Test-Automation.md
  -  Jyoti to take this ownership. and work with Thor/John/Roland to review the next steps

- Team contact details. Since we will be working in remote way of working for quite some time. @Scrum Masters: If you can please add the team members phone number to this list that would be great.
@Linda: Can you add the busines folks in the XLS
@Simona: To share the list of Names folks

- De brief of PIP 2
  - Feedback from Jyoti:
    - Some of the Retro items:
      - Very good output as team collaborated really wel
      - Shorten the workshop to half day
      - If there is a major decision which impacts other team, that should be shared before the meeting
  - Feedback from Waldemar:
    - Alignment between teams in terms of using the program board vs team boards
      - Bryce was not involved in the planning workshop because of other priorities. Better co-oridnation required for next PI
    - CM Activities not visible
      - Teams are supposed to embed the change activities in their planning.
      - Entities team really did a good job
      - More planning is required from relationship team before the PI.
      - Trish is now more involved with Amit and Loren
    - Faciliation to be infront of the room
  - Feedback from Bryce
    - Confidence vote -> there should be atleast two rounds of confidence voting
    - Outcome of the meeting should be the program board. We should go back to program board towards the end of the workshop to make sure everyone gets the updated picture.
  - Feedback from Simona
    - Techniques to use the room effectively. Setup the speaker space in a way that the speaker can see the room
  - Feedback from Shahriar
    - Information dissemination to team after PI planning meeting
  - Feedback from Linda
    - Having the releases really helped the team to plan and visualize the Change management activities.
---
Mar 10
---
- Stakeholder Feedback loop process.
  - The process have now been socialized with SM's and all PO's
- Change Management activites for "what they are"
  - This was specific to Relationship team, Amit can get in touch with Trish to understand the activities
- UAT and time for UAT - Test Environment availability for Business Owners
- Process to move to TEST: Inform Trish (for UAT) and see WoW in GitHub - discuss how it works
  - The above two points were discussed in the meeting. UAT process document has been updated here
  - https://github.com/bcgov/entity/blob/master/docs/Way%20of%20Working/UAT-Process.md
  - Action item: The term UAT doesnt corelates to the actual testing work. Team to agree upon one common terminology. CUrrent options are : BEta testing, Exploratoty testing. Jyoti to bring this up with PO's to get a recommendation.
- review & discuss Meetings & Events (see xls on SharePoint)
  - Tech review has been added. Bryce provided his scrum ceremonies to Jyoti, jyoti to update the meeting event
- Walkthrough Vision document which we will be using for PI planning
  - highlevel walkthrough was done in the meeting.

---
Feb 25
---

- Release Cadence discussion
  - Incorporating feedback from Release Management team. Update Release Link and should be updated in Release document.
  - Track the releases with respect to Anticipated date vs Actual date.
  - Is it possible to deliver releases in a particular cadence?
- Program monitoring and controlling. What are the metrics which we can achieve?
  - We can track the estimation at Epic level in story points(tshirt sizing + Sprint size can hep with story points)
- Bug Triage process across teams - Shariar to bring up
  - Definition of Bugs need to be updated by Shahriar
- Tech Review across teams - Shahriar
  - Check with PO's 
  - Jyoti to book the meeting
- ZenHub Pipeline - Defining exit criteria
  - Jyoti to share the link for updating.
- Estimation across team. Align all the teams
  - Use Fibonacci across teams. 8 points per person per sprint.
- Quick update on PI planning

---
Feb 11
---
- Assets Team
  - CI/CD pipeline
    - Assets: Production env is missing, Sprint 24 priority
    - Shahriar to connect Brian with Walter/Bryce
  - Solution Architecture
    - Thor needs to be involved for decision making
    - Action item on Bryce to have Thor involved in the decission making before it goes to Carol
- How to use the Release feature and embed that in the way of working? 
  - Use Release label in all teams
    - Bryce to update the release plan in the Release planning document. Next two releases planned for Assests in the Release planning document are out of date
    - Release Plan document link: https://citz.sp.gov.bc.ca/sites/SBC/REG/Projects/MVSM/Modernization%20Docs/Forms/AllItems.aspx?RootFolder=%2fsites%2fSBC%2fREG%2fProjects%2fMVSM%2fModernization%20Docs%2fPortfolio%20and%20Project%20Management%2fRoadmapping%20%26%20Release%20Planning&FolderCTID=0x012000B818EF4733FA1245879E82E0E935EF33
    - Shahriar to work with Kaine to adjust the Release plan in the above link
- "Release Process - 
   - when completed --> notify Change team" (Email from Trish) 
   - Standarize the template which can be used across teams.
   - Template is already published here
   - https://github.com/bcgov/entity/blob/master/docs/Way%20of%20Working/Release_steps 
      - SM's need to work with Dev to make sure the release process is agreed
      - Intent is to make this process better by incorporating feedback from all the teams
      - Jyoti to follow up on this in the upcoming SoS
- How to manage dependencies across teams 
  - Jyoti to show an exmaple
- Do we have all the Epics for this quarter in ZenHub Roadmap?
  - Bryce to have the remaining epics to be updated in ZenHub
  - Shahriar to work with Kaine to adjust the timelines for Epics(Because of Corrections being prioritized)
- Stakeholder Engagement and feedback process across teams.
  - Trish is working on this with other OCM's
  - Jyoti to work with Trish on the process and make sure that the team input is taken into consideration
- Update Sprint Review to 9AM - What does it mean for the team to change(ex. any scheduled invites which needs to be moved)?
- Are we closing our milestones once they are done?
  - Should this be part of team sprint review meeting? Can SM's ensure by working with PO's that they close the milestone when they move to the new one
  - Please move all the tickets from previous milestone to the current and close the previous milestone
  - Jyoti to check the zenhub dependency on having more than 7 milestone
- Program increment planning?  
  - SM's to work with their team to start plannig the epics for the next quarter. We are 4 weeks away from the next planning meeting.
   - What are we trying to achieve? 
      - We should have the entire team for sprint planning
      - Is the goal same as last Prgoram increment to have the Epics outlined and Sprint goals defined for the next quarter?
      - If we need to do more, then we need to plan from now
      - This will decide to determine the length of the meeting
   - Jyoti to setup the workshop with SM's to finalize the Agenda
   - Jyoti to work with Thor to present an Architectural overview
   

---
Jan 28
----
- Document Repository - Where does all the document sits?
- How do document the dependencies and have it visible? When? Where do I discuss the dependencies on other teams?

