# RFC For PPR UI Data Table

- Start Date: (2021-02-11)
- Target Major Version: (None)
- Reference Issues: (None)
- Entity Issue: (https://github.com/bcgov/entity/issues/6356)

- Implementation PR: (None)

# Summary

We want to provide users access to a suite of test data in PPR that exists on a stable production platform. 

Access to test data will allow staff and clients to develop their own familiarity with our systems without exposing the registry to privacy concerns. 

Initially I was looking into randomizing the data, but per my understanding (https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-019-10933-3/) this information could be used by nefarious actors and may not be truly anonymized.  Due to the importance of the dataset as well as our position as stewards of information, I propose we fabricate an entirely false dataset using Faker.  

The "TLDR" of the nature article is this: PII anonymized can be recalculated into a pattern to reidentify. 

# Basic example

Implemented locally with a postgres db in a docker container with  fake data

# Motivation

Clients and staff should be able to access and test data from PPR in its stable, production environment while meeting information and privacy concerns. 

# Detailed design

Create a postgres database with test data generated by Faker. Local development utilizing docker containers to try and be platform agnostic. 

I am hoping for GCP but OpensShift 4 can work as well I believe. 
The test data I was hoping to have purely randomly generated as to prevent “real” data that has been anonymized to be reverse engineered. Judging at the previous technologies used by the Registry I would be incorporating Alembic for the migrations steps. 

I was thinking of using FAST API and was thinking to build something out with that, but I am not positive how that works with the existing Registry API strategy.


# Drawbacks

Keeping the data and data models aligned with PPR db could be intensive relative to having an anonymized copy, assuming the data is impossible to be reverse-engineered.

# Alternatives

Please let me know of other alternatives. 

Anonymize existing prod data into a test data suite
 - Less overhead to maintain and implement most likely
 - Question regarding anonymization of data  and how secure it really is, if certain eyes decide to take a look.

Offer test tables within the existing PPR database?
- I need guidance from someone whether or not this is feasible or not. 


# Adoption strategy

*See Detailed Design*

Roll out a small test payment DB with 100% fake data in prod and see how the implementation and adoption goes. 

# Unresolved questions

Which platform is this going to lie on, what are the API tools needed? 

The question regarding PII and "anonymization" gives me concertn. 

# Thanks

This template is heavily based on the Vue, Golang, React, and other RFC templates. Thanks to those groups for allowing us to stand on their shoulders.
