

## **April21 2022: Planning Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- Eve, Omid
 
**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Have enought tickets for next two weeks
- 	Patrick is working on GC Notify Service, FAS for home team; also help with OCM for bulk email; System Bannner waiting for  an UX Design
- 	Richard is helping with team's tools/env. Setup and will finish 10670 soon
- 	Eve is working on 11591, pending input f rom entities
- 	Steven has done 11801 , working on 11652
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11802
- 	Jinghua moved all done ticket to closed
- 	Jinghua is following up 9696, last comments from John's  on March24, will continue to follow-up
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)


## **April14 2022: Standup Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- 
 
**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Patrick: Next PI: Ops Support + Names Support,  FE/BE upgrade, Python upgrade, GCP Training
- 	Patrick is working on System Bannner and hotjar(pending Omid's Namex code), waiting for  an UX Design for system banner(Tracey is asking more input?)
- 	Grant access right to new hires for DEV, TEST (not PROD at the first stage). PO to list all project/repo in ZH on-boarding ticket
	Omid is working on 10280, ready for QA, then 11780 later, and 11876
- 	Richard is doing demo for Steven and Omid, and helping Eve with JupiterNotebook setup, will log this effort under 11802  Working on data migration (entitis 10976), SRE ticket 11686
- 	Eve has done SOFI upgradation, working on FAS payment, help team to setup fee code. Will do 11591 later
- 	Steven is working Ops ticket 750, will create a SRE ticket for that. Then 11801 and  11652
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11802
- 	Jinghua will move all done ticket to closed
- 	Jinghua is following up 9696, last comments from John's  on March24, will continue to follow-up
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)



## **April07 2022: Planning Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- Eve

**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Patrick: Next PI: Ops Support + Names Support, probably add Google Cloud Training to better support PPR in the future, and FE/BE software upgrade
- 	Patrick is working on System Banner and hotjar, waiting for  an UX Design for system banner; 
- 	TBD on grant access right to new hires for DEV, TEST, but not PROD at the first stage? Need to discuss with PO Syc
- 	Richard is working on data migration, experience an issue on VS, just fixed
- 	Omid is working on 10280 and 11198 removing Sumesh and Karthick
- 	Eve is working for Home team this week and most part of next week
- 	Richard is working on data migration (entities 10976), SRE ticket 11686
- 	Steven is working 11801 first, then 11652
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11802
- 	Jinghua is following up 9696, last comments from John's  on March24, will continue to follow-up
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)


## **March31 2022: Standup Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- 

**Notes:-**



**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Patrick is working on System Bannner, need a UX Design; 
- 	Jinghua follow-up with Design team for 11696
- 	Patrick is working on a new hiring for SRE Position and plan for next PI
- 	Omid is helping to train Zaid, put this effor in 11606
- 	Eve is working on SOFI upgrade, several issues with configuration
- 	Richard is working on data migration (entitis 10976), SRE ticket 11686
- 	Steven is donw with 11651
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11606
- 	"Jinghua is following up 9696, last comments from John's  on March24, will continue to follow-up
"
- 	Jinghua will provide SRE Metric
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)


## **March24 2022: Planning Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- Eve

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/160013557-e51e30bd-d2f3-4d44-83c6-7b03916495ff.png)


**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Patrick is working on director search and 11566 banner message using google sheet
- 	Eve is working on SOFI upgrade, apache configuration
- 	Done several tickets, now working on 11652, 10280 
- 	Steven is working on 11651
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11606
- 	Jinghua created a gost ticket for Richard's entities work
- 	Jinghua is following up 9696, last comments from John's : The REGI test cases have all passed, but I can continue tha with more edge case testing.
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)


## **March17 2022: Standup Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- 

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/159037180-524bdb66-fa8f-48e3-b763-cdfecfad9c33.png)


**Highlight Action Points:**	
- 	Two SRE Release done: SRE March16th Release: NameX and SRE March16th Release: Name Request UI
- 	Patrick is working on hiring ops people, also search ticket system with Thor
- 	Eve is working on SOFI upgrade, some errors need to fix
- 	Steven can pickup a new ticket after current one(5293)
- 	Don’t need Sprint Goals for  SRE
- 	For any normal daily SRE routine tasks and/or other SRE tasks which NOT have an SRE ticket, please add under ticket 11223
- 	Jinghua to create a gost ticket for SRE team support other Application team (i.e Data migration ticket for Richard)
- 	"Jinghua to follow-up 9696, last comments from John's : The REGI test cases have all passed, but I can continue tha with more edge case testing.
"
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)

---

## **March03 2022: Standup Meeting** 

**Absentees:-**

- Patrick

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/156696012-a905364b-3db0-4923-99db-7de5133da870.png)
**Action Items: -**
- 	Richard is working on entities' data migration (get data to EDP). Reconstructed Dev Env.
- 	Jinghua to check how to track Richard's effor when working for entities; Has sent email to Linda on Feb25, follow-up email on March3rd.
- 	Todo: Jinghua to find out a list of benchmark Fib number for SRE team/ticket est.
- 	Eve is working on SOFI migration, code part is done, having connetion problem, will cannot be solved by end of today, will pick a new SRE ticket
- 	Eve followed up with Regi Integration Status (9696), now is waiting for QA, after confirmation, can release. John's Feedback: The REGI test cases have all passed, but I can continue tha with more edge case testing.
- 	SRE March3rd Release done 
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket

---

## **Feb24 2022: Planning Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- 

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/155793261-9e0cfb5c-8fd0-4a65-9e28-b94b153ae6b2.png)

**Action Items: -**

- 	Richard is working on entities' data migration (get data to EDP)
- 	Jinghua to check how to track Richard's effor when working for entities
- 	Jinghua to find out a list of benchmark Fib number for SRE team/ticket est.
- 	Eve is working on SOFI migration, code part is done, now Apache configuration URL/Local host has an issue; probably next week can be back to Team
- 	Eve will be following up with Regi Integration Status (9696), now is waiting for QA, after confirmation, can release
- 	Done two releases: SRE 12.1 Release: Name Request UI and SRE Feb24 Release: Name Examination
- 	Another release is planned: SRE March3rd Release: NameX
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)
- 	TBC: Patrick: Regarding Sumesh's training recording and documents, Patrick will re-org all training materials

**Decisions: -** 

---

## **Feb17 2022: Standup Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- 

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/154579162-6eb4f69f-921f-4ae0-8f53-97d593c6c8ff.png)

**Action Items: -**

- 	Patrick is working on some adhoc support: PPR, OCM Auth/Pay investigation
- 	Jinghua will create tickets for Pre-release checklist for the coming 3 releases
- 	All use 11223 for tracking SRE effort which don't have a ticket
- 	Richard is working on Data migration, get data to EDP
- 	Eve is working on SOFI migration, Apache configuration, search part is not working; probably next week can be back to Team
- 	Eve will be following up with Regi Integration Status (9696), now is waiting for QA, after confirmation, can release
- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan) (https://chat.developer.gov.bc.ca/channel/registries-ops/thread/eE5YAL38dPLHpqkPv)
)
- 	Patrick: Regarding Sumesh's training recording and documents, Patrick will re-org all training materials

**Decisions: -** 

---

## **Feb10 2022: Planning Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- 

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/153502595-e13ada51-1036-44c5-aa21-9f0e108fa6e9.png)

**Action Items: -**

- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	All: Actual Ops Spt Day: put comments under Ops Rotation Thread, if there are any changes (Not same as plan)
- 	Patrick: Regarding Sumesh's training recording and documents, Patrick will re-org all training materials
- 	TBD:SRE Name Request UI 12.1 Release/ two tickets have Entities 11.8 Release Tag (10999 and 10922), maybe these two have already been released
- 	Jinghua: Create a ticket as container to put SRE daily rountine effort to capture this effort on SRE board
- 	Patrick: Create a ticket for review SSM permission on openshift, will put P1, team can pick when have time
- 	Will use pre-release checklist for each SRE release going forward
- 	Patrick will meet with Linda, Kaine and Thor for BN Wrapper - Identify scope and tasks 10844


**Decisions: -** 

---

## **Feb032022: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Omid

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/152424632-ddcfb6ba-b32c-491b-84dd-711c615fee53.png)


**Action Items: -**

- 	All: add real effort on SRE ticket
- 	PI12: Continue support Names, and adding Auth/Pay automation
- 	Thor: discussed SRE on board pay&auth. Current plan: Patrick will support first few weeks. SRE team continue focus on bug fixing. Will need Zac/Jane for business and communication
- 	Thor: discussed Ops rotation person triage bugs on that day, also triage questions put in RC Ops channel: answer it or find someone to answer it
- 	All: start KT to learn Sumesh's training recording and documents
- 	Patrick is in transition with IT Ops team, and helping with relationship with resource issue regarding Report API
- 	Patrick/Thor/Kaine: will have GCP Decision meeting tomorrow
- 	TBD: Actual # of Ops day is more than planned Ops days, will discuss with Jason
- 	Ops tickets on SRE Board? Yes, we are okay for this 


**Decisions: -** 

---

## **Jan202022: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Thor

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/150413037-b7932219-2817-4d56-96e0-6a6e97657dc8.png)

**Action Items: -**

- Will have our next Names release tomorrow Jan21st
- Patrick is planning for SRE items for next PI

**Decisions: -** 

---

## **Jan062022: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Patrick, Richard, 

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/148443202-3c75657d-4153-46ef-a88d-366fec528303.png)

**Action Items: -**

- Jinghua will bring QA issue in PO Syc (Thor suggested to use Home Team BA to do QA for SRE)
- Omid will check which tickets we can close under NameX11.5 release
- Jinghua will discuss RFR tickets for next SRE Release

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Dec 23 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Patrick, Eve, Steven

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/147287166-acb8d874-ada6-4a89-a667-6a2a043fbca6.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	Jinghua to setup meeting for 2022
-	Omid will do Names11.5 Release today Dec23rd

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Dec 16 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Richard

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/146491786-1aa3cde2-4d5a-455d-8698-09930d003694.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	Jinghua to setup meeting for 2022
-	Patrick will reivew 11.5 Release Report-> Names 11.5 release next week when all the tickets are ready to go
-	#5842	Dec16: Reached to Riyaz, maybe not a bug, can be closed
-	#8272	Dec16: Waiting for @riyazuddinsyed
-	#9009	Dec16: Hi, this is waiting entities's QA before release, thanks @riyazuddinsyed; CC: @lmcclung @sienna-blumstengel
-	#9731	Dec16: waiting to QA
-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---
## **Dec 09 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Eve, Omid, Richard

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/145470080-170dc407-b8b4-4750-af74-3c93d3f8a176.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Dec 02 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Eve, Meng, Thor

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/144496566-fb713df5-4494-4d6c-b425-cc7fe0a3fc57.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Nov 25 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Richard, Patrick

**Notes:-**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/143494371-432e7a84-ac30-4ae6-a7c4-f603be6fe244.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Nov 18 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Richard, Omid, Eve

**Notes:-**
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/142679404-59aeadf1-8356-4927-a41f-cc17ef66a19f.png)

**Action Items: -**

-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---

## **Nov 04 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Richard

**Notes:-**

- Follow-up: Has met Linda to discuss Names Ops Support, will be working on two tickets in these two weeks.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87034722/140414385-da08b323-31f5-408b-9593-1f3b21cc4682.png)


**Action Items: -**

-	Ongoing: Names support: support process, review current errors and priorities 
-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

- Will disucss all tickets within "New Issues" during planning

---
## **28 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Richard

**Notes:-**
- Transfer Names Ops support to SRE: Might need resource from BA/QA 
- Names support will be totally SRE, technical error we can fix, how about error regarding business/PO, looking for a BA/QA from Home team. Proposal: having a fix BA help SRE, will escalate to Kaine. John is a good candidate


| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Omid** | **Oct28**: 9703 2nd job leave it for now; 1st finished setup will do PR, after done 1st job this ticket can be closed |  
| **Meng** | **Oct28**: Pending UI Design for 9429 |   
| **Steven** | **Oct28**: 8292 will be done within 2 weeks; Business Summary from entities is the next task |   
| **Thor** | **Oct28**: 9147 leave it for now  |   
| **Eve** | **Oct28**: working on 9268, which is not SRE.  work on Names, just UI only, Names s work is SRE work: Ops work Triage this issue and make sure sb will take care| 
| **Richard** | **Oct28**: NA. Patrick is updating Richard’s ticket: still working on EDB and Ops support for entities/Names  |   
| **Patrick** | **Oct28**: will have two Demo: Argo setup, by using kustomize and helm, change the flow?; Will Demo: ArgoCD on Tuesday; Transfer Names Ops support to SRE: Might need resource from BA/QA; Names support will be totally SRE, technical error we can fix, how about error regarding business/PO, looking for a BA/QA from Home team. Proposal: having a fix BA help SRE, will escalate to Kaine. John is a good candidate |

**Action Items: -**

- Patrick will discuss with Linda for Names support transfer, Patrick will meet SRE team after that.
-	Names support: support process, review current errors and priorities 
-	To be confirmed: Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE

**Decisions: -** 

-
---
## **21 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**
-	None

**Notes:-**
-	Omid: New to this team, need assign task/ticket 
-	Meng: work for relationship comm components, will be working on 9429 (Block IE 11 users), next priority might be 9290 (Banner message mobile usage warning)
-	Steven: now full time on entities, Patrick will talk with Linda to move Steven’s task/tickets to SRE team/board
-	Thor: No update
-	Eve: Full time on entities now. Need to clean up name tickets within entities then move to SRE. We will monitor the progress/issues for this 
-	Richard: increase capacity, will receive error message; EDB go down, kill instance, has used more than ¾ of space
-	Patrick: Argo setup, has done 1st app  setup, will be working on 2nd app. Also working on BCBN; Setup Kanban Board

**Action Items: -**
-	Patrick to discuss with Linda to move Steven’s tasks to SRE
-	Thor/Patrick bring Private Repo discussion in PO Syc
-	Jinghua to change the pipeline for SRE board, based on Patrick’s suggestion
-	Patrick will review SRE tickets to make sure they are in right pipeline

**Decisions: -**
-	
