### Standing Iterms for Standup
- RC discussion / highlight 
- Update from Trish; 
- Tickets pending review; 
- Go through epics/tasks (Skip some regular tasks/ tasks not in In Progress)

---

### **04 Jan 2022: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Suzanne,  John,  Zac, Trish,

**Update and Action Items:: -**

- John: OCM - BCregistries.ca application- Update references to Mobile Card to BC Services Card App & fix broken links - DUE immediately #10566 --- Discussed during standup, Gen don't have access right to change the application, will need to talk with John/Jyoti
- Olisa: Tickets under Review, Olisa will review and provide comments
- All: move tickets to done if tasks within ticket are finished
- All: change due date if target schedule has changed
- InProg: Trish and Olisa: add team role and responsibilities: ask Olisa for help
- Done: Trish: created new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670)
- Done: Trish: plan tasks from now to Jan15th, move to RTS; add assignee and due date for all tickets within RTS. All: please add due date if applicable
; TBD for PPR "Info Center" for external communication 
- TBD: Olisa will assign new tasks to Fareen and Amitis, 
- Jinghua : will talk with Olisa about no assignees ticket under RTS
- TBC: Put comments under ticket for latest progress tracking
- others: need to give home room team at least one month lead time 

- Follow-up actions from previous meeting:
	- Build KB ‚Äì Shared responsibilities within whole team, will fully start from Jan 2022
	- Cameron to follow-up with Debbie to get more Sharon‚Äôs involvement, to free up Sharon's time, 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** |**Jan04**: NA  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Jan04**: Have several urgent tasks today or tomorrow; Will meet with John for 10287; Non-ministry release update, will talk with John or Zac |   
| **Mags** | **Jan04**: 10571 ask Melissa and Kaine for review comments; TBD for PPR "Info Center" for external communication ; PPR Staff training is in progress(10262); also working on 10511 SBC Job aide ; redo the PPR video due to a new script    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Jan04**: Several tickets under Review pipeline for review comments; VD is ready for release; (only Create BComp info package, 10036 pending input); Form 630(now is Form 12 PPR) is under review; will be working on Form 631 (Form 14 PPR); 10566: Discussed during standup, Gen don't have access right to change the application, will need to talk with John/Jyoti |   
| **Sienna** | **Jan04**: release date for Business Summary(BS) is TBD, will be working on OCM tasks for BS; VD BComp info package 10036 (lower priority now)   |   
| **John** | **Jan04**: NA  |   
| **Fareen** | **Jan04**: Need to know time for non-ministry release for sending out communication, will need to wait for John/Zac (Jyoti and Sateesh are off); need DL for 10512(Send email to BCeID Admins). Need new task tickets soon.   |   
| **Amitis** | **Jan04**: working on OCM - PPR Go Live - Product how-to videos for users (10013); will need other task tickets |   
| **Suzanne** | **Jan04**: NA |   
| **Olisa** | **Jan04**: Will assign Fareen and Amities new tasks; will check 10176 (Info Note - PPR - Announce Go Live - DUE Jan 17#10176) and 10534 (Prepare Q&A for clients re: Phase out BCOL accounts - DUE DEC 31#10534); also working together with Fareen for 9684   |   
| **Zac** | **Jan04**: NA|   
| **Cameron** | **Jan04**: NA |   

**Decisions: -** 

- Review grooming and prioritizing process to focus on urgent tasks- Grooming for 4 weeks, and RTS for 2 weeks
- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket
- All: Please send Maribeth all final response email, so that can be added to the KB for future responses.

---

### **23 Dec 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Suzanne,  John, Fareen, Maribeth, Zac, Sienna

**Update and Action Items:: -**

- All: move tickets to done if tasks within ticket are finished
- Trish: plan tasks from now to Jan15th, move to RTS; add assignee and due date for all tickets within RTS 
- Trish: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670)
- InProg: Trish: add team role and responsibilities: Trish will update information. Or will follow-up January
- Jinghua will send meeting invite for 2022
- TBC: Put comments under ticket for latest progress tracking

- Recap/follow-up actions from previous meeting:
	- Build KB ‚Äì Shared responsibilities within whole team, will fully start from Jan 2022
	- Cameron to follow-up with Debbie to get more Sharon‚Äôs involvement, to free up Sharon's time, 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Dec23**: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670); Groom/Plan tickets for Jan, adding assignees and due date (if possible )  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Dec23**: NA  |   
| **Mags** | **Dec23**: working on High-level PPR training: BC Registry Admin& BCOL Admin & maybe SBC Finance#10261; PPR Staff Training (primary users) & BCOL Help Desk #10262; starting Review SBC job aide#10511;    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Dec23**: Starting 630 Form, will be working on all PPR Form and other website update   |   
| **Sienna** | **Dec23**: NA   |   
| **John** | **Dec23**: NA  |   
| **Fareen** | **Dec23**: Have done a few BCeID tasks, is working on Non Ministry account tasks  |   
| **Amitis** | **Dec23**: working on PPR Video 10013; Melissa will review video; finished Search, will be working on other part  |   
| **Suzanne** | **Dec23**: NA |   
| **Olisa** | **Dec23**: support Fareen for BCeID and Non Ministry Account, move few tickets to done   |   
| **Zac** | **Dec23**: NA |   
| **Cameron** | **Dec23**: working on Schedule and Coordinate UAT/Training for FAS # 10377 |   

**Decisions: -** 

- Review grooming and prioritizing process to focus on urgent tasks- Grooming for 4 weeks, and RTS for 2 weeks
- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket
- All: Please send Maribeth all final response email, so that can be added to the KB for future responses.
- 


---

### **21 Dec 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Suzanne,  John, Fareen

**Update and Action Items:: -**

- VD release date is postponed to Jan
- BCeID release date from Dec28 to Dec20
- Talked about engagement email box coverage: Mags, Trish, and Cameron can take during rest of Dec; Trish will asking ministry gov questions; PPR/API questions: Mags
- Trish: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670)
- Sienna: Update Voluntary Dissolution due date since release date is postpone
- Add assignee and due date for all tickets within RTS and In Progress
- InProg: Jinghua to talk to Trish for January‚Äôs priorities, new team members‚Äô hand-on training, RTS/InProg tickets without Due date 
- InProg: Trish: add team role and responsibilities? Trish will update information
- TBC for done: on boarding Fareen and Amitis
- TBC: Put comments under ticket for latest progress tracking
- Done: Start standup meeting from 8:30am
- Jinghua will create a ticket/template for onboarding training list: https://github.com/bcgov/entity/blob/master/docs/ocm/OCM_Onboarding_Checklist.md 	

- Recap/follow-up actions from previous meeting:
	- Build KB ‚Äì Shared responsibilities within whole team, will fully start from Jan 2022
	- Cameron to follow-up with Debbie to get more Sharon‚Äôs involvement, to free up Sharon's time, 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Dec21**: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670); Groom/Plan tickets for Jan, adding assignees and due date (if possible )  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Dec21**:  monitor engagement email box,  will finish several left actions and starting holidays, transfer current tasks to Mags, Fareen (10239) and Cameron   |   
| **Mags** | **Dec21**: 10484 and 10493 Done; two ticket transfer from Maribeth to Mags , BCeID Additional Admin - Update External Complete step-by-step guide on BC Gov Website9679 and PPR Info session 10289 can close beside follow-up questions; working on High-level PPR training: BC Registry Admin& BCOL Admin & maybe SBC Finance#10261; PPR Staff Training (primary users) & BCOL Help Desk #10262; starting Review SBC job aide#10511;    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Dec21**:  finish VD Web, ready to go; will be working on PPR Form during holidays;   |   
| **Sienna** | **Dec21**: VD postpone to Jan, and will be working on business summary(Release date is TBD) in January   |   
| **John** | **Dec21**: NA  |   
| **Fareen** | **Dec21**: Didn‚Äôt join Standup? Transfer Create checklist/training material for BCOL Admin for non-ministry gov accounts 10239; working on other BCeID tickets |   
| **Amitis** | **Dec21**: working on PPR Video 10013; Melissa will review video; Skype is missing  |   
| **Suzanne** | **Dec16**: NA |   
| **Olisa** | **Dec21**: Support Fareen for BCeID Tickets   |   
| **Zac** | **Dec21**: working together with Cameron for Schedule and Coordinate UAT/Training for FAS # 10377, release is on Feb |   
| **Cameron** | **Dec21**: working on onboarding Fareen 10423 and onboarding Amitis 10456; Schedule and Coordinate UAT/Training for FAS # 10377, 10107: get Kaine/Linda‚Äôs feedback |   

**Decisions: -** 

- Review grooming and prioritizing process to focus on urgent tasks- Grooming for 4 weeks, and RTS for 2 weeks
- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket
- All: Please send Maribeth all final response email, so that can be added to the KB for future responses.
- 


---

### **16 Dec 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Suzanne, Trish, John

**Action Items: -**

- Trish: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670)
- Add assignee and due date for all tickets within RTS and In Progress
- Jinghua to talk to Trish for January‚Äôs priorities, new team members‚Äô hand-on training, RTS/InProg tickets without Due date 
- Jinghua will create a ticket/template for onboarding training list
- Trish: add team role and responsibilities? Jinghua will talk to Trish
- TBC for done: on boarding Fareen and Amitis
- TBC: Put comments under ticket for latest progress tracking‚Ä¶
- TBC: Start standup meeting from 8:30am? 

- Recap/follow-up actions from previous meeting:
	- Review grooming and prioritizing process to focus on urgent tasks- Grooming for 4 weeks, and RTS for 2 weeks
	- Build KB ‚Äì Shared responsibilities within whole team, will fully start from Jan 2022
	- Cameron to follow-up with Debbie to get more Sharon‚Äôs involvement, to free up Sharon's time, 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Dec16**: NA  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Dec16**: Done 10383/Job Aides, has done #10321; working on BCeID Additional Admin - Update External Complete step-by-step guide on BC Gov Website #9679, support new team members; other tickets are on track   |   
| **Mags** | **Dec16**: Done Email to BCOL PPR users 10349; and Done Update PPR System News 10485; working on Update BCOL Modal Pop-Up - (Due: Dec 21)#10484; Update BCOL Announcements & Landing Page # 10483; High-level PPR training: BC Registry Admin& BCOL Admin & maybe SBC Finance#10261; PPR Staff Training (primary users) & BCOL Help Desk #10262     |   
| **Genevieve** | **Dec16**: From Melissa FIN627, FIN631, FIN630 are ready to start; VD postpone release, website update left a small change #9394; can we move VD government website announcement# 9395 into InProgress?   |   
| **Sienna** | **Dec16**: Done VD training (co-op and bcomp) (DEC 12)#9393; Provide input to Gen for VD Website update #9394, working on Voluntary Dissolution: Create email macros (DEC 12)#9400; OneNote Procedures (DEC 16)#9396 is waiting Julie‚Äôs review;  |   
| **John** | **Dec16**: Two tickets are due during Zac and your absent, any idea how to tackle this? #10345, #10243   |   
| **Fareen** | **Dec16**: BCeID Additional Admin related activities: BC Reg Staff OneNote#9682; Update all website content on BC Gov website#10315; attend stand-ups to demo functionality - #9689; External Communications -# 9684; update staff check-list/procedures - #9687; Internal Communications - Reg Staff, BCOL HD, IDIM and Maximus #10371 |   
| **Amitis** | **Dec16**: Amitis is working on  BCOL admin hands-on training - #9683 and PPR Go Live - Product how-to videos for users #10013 |   
| **Suzanne** | **Dec16**: NA |   
| **Olisa** | **Dec16**: Support new team members onboarding  |   
| **Zac** | **Dec16**: working together with Cameron for Schedule and Coordinate UAT/Training for FAS # 10377, will cover John during his absent |   
| **Cameron** | **Dec16**: working on onboarding Fareen 10423 and onboarding Amitis 10456; Schedule and Coordinate UAT/Training for FAS # 10377 |   

**Decisions: -** 

- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket
- All: Please send Maribeth all final response email, so that can be added to the KB for future responses.
- 


---

### **10 Dec 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Suzanne

**Action Items: -**

- Jinghua/Trish/Olisa: Two new resource on boarding Fareen and Amitis
- Jinghua: forward meeting invites to Fareen: fareen@freshworks.club and TBD: Amitis Partovi
- Trish: will create new tickets for Business Summary based on impact assessment (Epic: 9670)
- Gen: Working on FORM/WEB, reach out to Trish/Maribeth/Mags if need help
- Maribeth will meet John for Job Aide handover
- Sienna/ Gen: move 10036 to In Progress? 
- Zac/Cameron: move 10377 to In Progress?
- Gen/Suzanne: Ticket re-naming under epic 10316: start from ‚ÄúFORM ‚Äì ‚Äú, and ‚ÄúWebsite ‚Äì ‚Äú for form and website related ticket 
- Put comments under ticket for latest progress tracking
- Add assignee to all tickets within RTS
- All team member: review their own ticket, add description, add deadline (if applicable), add Fib est on all OCM Tickets(under In Progress) 
- All: update leave tracker 
- All: Some tickets with no deadline, and/or no estimation, please add 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Dec09**:  Forms missing date, need to be done asap. New resource onboarding   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Dec09**:  Can soon close 10383/Job Aides; Working on OCM - Schedule Ministry Government Account Users Information Session (round 2) #10321; all other tasks are on track   |   
| **Mags** | **Dec09**:  working on 10349 and 10259, good with current progress and deadline    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Dec09**:  Has done one FORM, working on other tasks. From Trish, some forms/websites tasks have passed due date, should be done asap |   
| **Sienna** | **Dec09**:  VD: OneNote Procedures (DEC 16)#9396 is waiting Julie‚Äôs review; 10018 is with Linda/Execs; also working on VD Create email macros (DEC 12)#9400 and VD training (co-op and bcomp) (DEC 12)#9393  |   
| **John** | **Dec09**:  I sent in the draft BCeID multi-admin content review yesterday. Working on the job aides and checklists for BCOL admin (ministry and non-). And lots of payment/account type chats and meetings   |   
| **Suzanne** | **Dec09**:  NA |   
| **Olisa** | **Dec09**:  working on resource onboarding     |   
| **Zac** | **Dec09**:  will be working on FAS training 10377; - Zac/Cameron: move 10377 to In Progress?  |   
| **Cameron** | **Dec09**:  Support FAS training 10377, onboarding Fareen 10423, PPR Staff account setup10016, will do another training |   
| **Melissa** | **Dec09**:  NA  |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---


### **02 Dec 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  Zac (Provided update in RC)

**Action Items: -**

- All: Trying wherever applicable: one assignee per ticket: when finish your own work, change assignee and assign ticket to next person who need to continue, meantime add comments in ticket 
- Trish: will create epic/plan for FAS, Ministry and Non-ministry 
- All: Please send Maribeth all final response email, so that can be added to the KB for future responses.
- Gen/Suzanne: Ticket re-naming under epic 10316: start from ‚ÄúFORM ‚Äì ‚Äú, and ‚ÄúWebsite ‚Äì ‚Äú for form and website related ticket 
- John: Update new deadline on ministry info session and non-ministry info session (9913 and 10321) (when we have that information)
- Maribeth: update new due date for OCM - Ministry Govt Accts - reminder to advise Acct Admin - due Dec 1#10253 (when we have that information)
- Some tickets without epics missing update, if current assignee can update that in each ticket üòä
	- Maribeth: Remove redundant files for BC Registry Resources Page#10109
	- Cameron: Decision - Will Maximus support Firm Maintenance filings when these filings move from paper to online?#10107
- All: update leave tracker 
- All: Some tickets with no deadline, and/or no estimation, please add 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Dec02**:  Working on epic: OCM - Phase out BC OnLine Draw Down Accounts#10202  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Dec02**:  working on OCM - Ministry Govt Accts - reminder to advise Acct Admin - due Dec 1#10253  |   
| **Mags** | **Dec02**:  Move Communication to API users to let them know API's are ready - Due Dec 1#10291 to done;  Working on  Create training timeline for PPR to share with SBC and Leads#10225, Update BCOL Annoucements#10325; Push a message into BC OnLine users' mailboxes about PPR/modernization#10181; Post API update to Mod Site and BCOL#10323; Update PPR Messaging in PPR mainframe app & BC Registries Modernization Page#10272    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Dec02**:  Update bcreg.ca to highlight modernization initiative resources#10185; Post API update to Modernization Site #9838; FORM - Create new form for co-op incorporation + remove reference of old working forms#8481 |   
| **Sienna** | **Dec02**:  Update bcreg.ca to highlight modernization initiative resources#10185; Post API update to Modernization Site #9838; FORM - Create new form for co-op incorporation + remove reference of old working forms#8481 |   
| **John** | **Dec02**:  Preparing deck for ministry and non-ministry info session, remove ‚ÄúOn Hold‚Äù tag from both epics, including OCM - Schedule Ministry Government Account Users Information Session (round 2) #10321, OCM - Non-Ministry Govt Accounts - Information Session (Nov 18) setup and logistics#9913 ; Working on OCM - BCeID Additional Admin - Job Aide#9679 (under epic 9677);     |   
| **Suzanne** | **Dec02**:  OCM - One Stop - Hub/BNI Messaging - Needs Assessment#9891; OCM - One Stop - Hub/BNI Messaging - Needs Assessment#9891; SP & GP Registrations - Engagement for firm filings BC Chamber and Futurpreneur#8961   |   
| **Olisa** | **Dec02**:  working on 10310 French translation, will finish soon     |   
| **Zac** | **Dec02**:  I completed the demos for 10141   |   
| **Cameron** | **Dec02**: Provide training regarding  Train PPR Staff on Account Setup and Logging in (Due: Dec 10th )#10016  |   
| **Melissa** | **Dec02**:  Patrick will provide input by end of this week for OCM - PPR Go Live - Product how-to videos for users (deadline: mid-December)#10013  |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Team move tickets to Done, then Trish will move to Closed
- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---

### **30 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

-  

**Action Items: -**

- All: Ticket naming: start from ‚ÄúFORM ‚Äì ‚Äú, and ‚ÄúWebsite ‚Äì ‚Äú for form and website related ticket 
- All: update leave tracker 
- Review AP from Retro
- All: Some tickets with no deadline, and/or no estimation, please add 

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov30**:  reviewed tickets, move 9549 to done, had meeting for FAS, ministry and non-ministry, will create epics/plan tasks for coming work  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov30**:  working on Remove redundant files for BC Registry Resources Page#10109, on hold OCM - Ministry Govt Accts - reminder to advise Acct Admin - due Dec 1#10253  |   
| **Mags** | **Nov30**:  working on 10181, 10152    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Nov30**:  working on 8481 Form for Co-op, will chat with Sienna, need to merge two ticket for the same task, and assigned API website update 9838 to Gen   |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov30**:  9401 waiting Amber‚Äôs input, will schedule meeting with Linda/Trish for 9671, Fworking on 9396, 10018 waiting for Linda, not urgent, we don‚Äôt need DL for now.  |   
| **John** | **Nov30**:  Has finished review 10152 for Mags, will be working on 10257    |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov30**:  Schedule regular meeting with BC Chamber and Futurprenueur, transfer 9838, 9768 to Gen    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov30**:  Working on new resource hiring     |   
| **Zac** | **Nov30**:  will provide demo 10141   |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov30**:  working on 10016- training session with account setup and logging in  |   
| **Melissa** | **Nov30**:   NA   |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---


### **25 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Genevieve 

**Action Items: -**

- All: Some tickets with no deadline, and/or no estimation, please add 
- Trish will review tickets under Review pipeline
- On Hold for ministry, non-ministry and FAS epics, will have a meeting first then create new tickets if needed
- Trish will have a discussion with Kaine to understand issues and risk for API publish. (Update and publish API pages#9837)
- TBC: Suzanne: will revisit all OneStop tickets and adjust to new date based on new decommission date on March31st 2022 (Epic: 9766)
- Topic for discussion: more resource to support PPR OCM ‚Äì From Olisa, has been approved by Carole 


**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov25**:  Created new epic for - OCM - Phase out BC OnLine Draw Down Accounts#10202 ->  Task: 10204; Created PPR Training 10189 -> Task 10172 (training plan: who/what/how for training material ), move 9972 back RTS  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov25**:  finished 10142 and 10152, pass over to Trish for review; Haven‚Äôt check status for 10109, will take part of OCM - Voluntary Dissolution: OneNote Procedures#9396 from Sienna later |   
| **Mags** | **Nov25**:  Working on Create Training Plan for PPR # 10172; and Modal pop-up in BCOL#10181; Send Reminder Email to PPR Users#10177;  finished Create how-to document: add PPR as a service to existing Premium accounts#10180, reviewed by Trish and move to done    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Nov25**:  NA   |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov25**:  9401 is waiting Amber‚Äôs comments. 10002 closed? Working on Impact Assessment Business Summary - Due Dec 7#9671 (together with Cameron); and  Impact Assessment Business Summary - Due Dec 7#9671 ; Wil start OCM - Voluntary Dissolution: OneNote Procedures#9396 once finish current priority;   |   
| **John** | **Nov25**:     |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov25**:   regular external/internal stakeholder engagement meetings   |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov25**:  one OCM resource has been approved by Carole     |   
| **Zac** | **Nov25**:  Regarding 10141, will demo on Tuesday (Missing est)   |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov25**:  Help with Train PPR Staff on Account Setup and Logging in (Due: Dec 10th )#10016; working on Impact Assessment Business Summary - Due Dec 7#9671 (Together with Sienna)  |   
| **Melissa** | **Nov25**:  Patrick is working on OCM - PPR Go Live - Product how-to videos for users#10013    |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---

### **23 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Suzanne

**Action Items: -**

- Trish will review tickets under Review pipeline
- Trish to create a small task to clean up the biz registry page, remove redundant files and etc ‚Äì Created 10109, Maribeth is working on this
- Topic for discussion: more resource to support PPR OCM, (For training material and etc)

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov23**:  Discuss how to get more PPR account setup (have 100, vs potential 3000). Create new ticket: Info Note - PPR - Announce Go Live#10176 , move 9675 to  done; Create new ticket: Create Training Plan for PPR#10172  |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov23**:  almost done 10152, working on 10109, 10142, Follow up from Nov 18 Info Session  #10152 |   
| **Mags** | **Nov23**:  closed  9772, add link for 10017 and can close it. Working on Send Reminder Email to PPR Users#10177    |   
| **Genevieve** | **Nov23**:  Will be working on 9395 and other tickets from planning session    |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov23**:  Will ask Trish to review 9397 and other tickets within In Progress pipeline , will prioritize form task   |   
| **John** | **Nov23**:  Both current ticket OnHold, but still some tasks need to follow-up. Will review 10151   |   
| **Suzanne** | **No23**:  NA    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov23**:      |   
| **Zac** | **Nov23**:  working on 10141, will be following up progress    |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov23**:  I have collected stats to put together information in respect to sole prop maintenance filings. I have also set aside time to review the FAS change impact assessment  |   
| **Melissa** | **Nov23**:     |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---

### **18 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Mags; John

**Action Items: -**

- AP: add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish to create a small task to clean up the biz registry page, remove redundant files and etc??
- Topic for discussion: more resource to support PPR OCM, (For training material and etc)

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov18**: Jyoti is working on 9675, 9826 and 9549. Trish will review 9972, closed 9736   |  
| **Maribeth** |**Nov18**:  Will review 9395, 9397, done 9736. Now working on 9838/9, will inform to update API page 9837.Close 9736. Can close 9551?  |   
| **Mags** | **Nov18**:  NA    |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov18**:  update status for 10018, and 9901. Working on current VD tickets and will consider which to pick next   |   
| **John** | **Nov18**: NA   |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov18**:  NR Form post to CMS(Done), agreed with Sienna will take lead for OneStop OCM/Staff Service Des, Communication out  with Staff for OneStop, support Job AIDS and etc related with OneStop decommissioning  and self serve changes; Communication with registration partners and analysis continues, probably on hold for deeper dive on the analysis around Hub/BNI until that resolved, and have a meeting with CRA to determine what‚Äôs possible, so not reaching out to our partners for the next couple of weeks; external partner (key influencers) pending confirmation with the Chamber in future; small biz bc; will update the decommission (postpone for 6 weeks); 9768 change name    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov18**:  No Update    |   
| **Zac** | **Nov18**:  Close 10022, Trish create a new ticket for Demo: 10141    |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov18**:   NA   |   
| **Melissa** | **Nov18**: Will have a meeting regarding 10017 on Tuesday. Will discuss with Patrick /Janis for 10013, 9551 and 9772   |   


**Decisions: -** 

- Add deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try to only assign one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- Add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference
- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board) ‚Äì Create shadow ticket

---

### **16 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Mags

**Action Items: -**

- Trish will ask Kaine: how to update shadow ticket (which on RAID board)
- Trish to create a small task to clean up the biz registry page, remove redundant files and etc??
- Topic for discussion: more resource to support PPR OCM, (training material)
- Maribeth will review 9395 and 9772?
 - Almost done, will double check all exceptions: Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- AP: add Fib est. and link in ticket for more information/later reference

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov16**:  will review 10022 and 9972   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov16**:  9397 will look at today, new due date Nov19, first Sienna, the Maribeth; 9972 will hand over to Trish for review; 9913 OnHold; 9911. Mag‚Äôs task 8180   |   
| **Mags** | **Nov16**:  NA    |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov16**:  9401WIP, 9397 will add notes and handover to Maribeth    |   
| **John** | **Nov16**:  9984 Onhold, and 9982 Done, Q from Olisa: need EA approval (Expense Approval ‚Äì Check this in DryRun)  |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov16**:  NR Form post to CMS(Done), agreed with Sienna will take lead for OneStop OCM/Staff Service Des, Communication out  with Staff for OneStop, support Job AIDS and etc related with OneStop decommissioning  and self serve changes; Communication with registration partners and analysis continues, probably on hold for deeper dive on the analysis around Hub/BNI until that resolved, and have a meeting with CRA to determine what‚Äôs possible, so not reaching out to our partners for the next couple of weeks; external partner (key influencers) pending confirmation with the Chamber in future; small biz bc; will update the decommission (postpone for 6 weeks); 9768 change name    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov16**:  Move 9775 to done,    |   
| **Zac** | **Nov16**:  Ask Trish to review  10022 to review    |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov16**:  Will participate in 9675 FAS Change Impact Assessment    |   

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---

### **09 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; 

**Action Items: -**

- Almost done, will double check all exceptions: Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
- AP: add link in ticket for more information/later reference
- AP for planning: use Fib on each ticket
- AP for Planning/Retro: When to move done; or move to closed
- AP for Planning/Retro: monitor communication engagement email/box

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov09**:  Goal for this week: info session for ministry or non-ministry for 17th /18th , to getting PPT ready, John/Zac will be working on the deck. API /Sanbox ticket date is still opening; will work for Carole   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov09**:  9972 is next work; and book session for 9913 sending google link for Nov18th session; a lot of small things under 9913, then won‚Äôt break this ticket into different smaller tickets (Closed 7823 which is duplicates with 9991)  |   
| **Mags** |**Nov09**:  non-ministry account email send out last Fri; Monitor mailbox;  9551 WIP will talk with Janis and Patrick return; 9555 will getting it ready and transfer to Maribeth during absent; Will clean up 8180; newly created 10013 and working on it (OCM - PPR Go Live - Product how-to videos for users#10013), waiting for Patrick; will meet with Suzanne for layout and etc. Will be working on 9772     |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov09**:  working on7072 waiting Gen‚Äôs feedback (probably by tomorrow); will be working on 9401   |   
| **John** | **Nov09**:  working on PPT deck 9984 and 9982 (Both Due: Nov12th)  |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov09**:  had a meeting with Community Futures to do the presentation, will do a presentation in their manager meeting, 15 managers Nov 16th. Cycle back with Andrea for Future entrepreneur for her feedback;  put together the list of all of the messaging for the partners through BNI, so finish that list, reviewed it with John    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov09**:  Carole has reviewed info Notes and now under Bev (ADM), next check point is next week    |   
| **Zac** | **Nov09**:  working together with John on PPT deck 9984 and 9982 (Both Due: Nov12th) and a new ticket 10022 for Impact analysis for 9561 (please change the ticket title to make more sense)    |   
| **Cameron** | **Nov09**:    |   
| **Kaine** | **Nov09**: NA |   

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---

### **04 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Cameron, John (Provide Update in RC)

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov04**: will be off Friday and Monday; team is busy with Nov17/18 Info Session,  Ray: what‚Äôs new design for all to take a look; SBC Retro for Name Request Release, will benefit other application release; SBC Meeting, Firm filing + PPR setup agenda with entities team and asset team   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov04**: closed 9678 has finished; busy with 9950, 9949,9971  all due today. Beside normal OCM work, another task is monitor email/box;  add YTB link under 9678  |   
| **Mags** |**Nov04**: Will be on vacation, Maribeth and Trish will cover;  New date for Sanbox? Will communicate later a new date(9555); Move 9552; 9862; 9553 to done; will review 9879; follow-up with Kaine/Melissa for API Sandbox communication    |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov04**:  9208 under review, Trish will be reviewing this? New VD deadline most probably in Dec, will follow-up with Linda; will be working on 7072 , 8955   |   
| **John** | **Nov04**: Transferred the email to non-ministry users to Zac who sent it around for review yesterday (9879). Worked with BCOL Admin to plan the invite flow for non-ministry accounts. This unblocked planning for Nov18 session. Note that some screens will not be final for those users on the 18th so demo will include some non-live portions based on UX pins. Question for Suzanne - are all BN Hub OCM tickets on the board and are there any in which I have an upcoming deliverable? |   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov04**: Trish suggested to breakdown 9896 into several tickets, one ticket for each task    |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov04**: Working on 9775 OCM - PPR Go Live - Info Note , has forward to Carole for reivew   |   
| **Zac** | **Nov04**:working on 9879, which is under review    |   
| **Cameron** |**Nov04**: NA   |   
| **Kaine** | **Nov04**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Almost done, will double check all exceptions: Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---

### **02 Nov 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; 

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Nov02**: Working on email for ministry account; Life after lib from Carole, and under review google form(two more info session: ministry and non-ministry user); Planning work/resources we need across each of the project (on going); Q: External stakeholder, find a place to share? Suzanne will share a link;   |  
| **Maribeth** | **Nov02**: Set 17 18th two info session, and setup form;  Finalizing 20, 27th sessions‚Äô actions: send response (i.e asking recording); Some duplicated tickets need to be closed; Suzanne Q: A list of ministry account internal/external? We have a DL. Ministry and non-ministry account we have a list (link); From Maribeth: some Onestop tickets for Suzanne, need to review by Suzanne  |   
| **Mags** |**Nov02**: BCOL user communication, training plan for Business Registry Initiative; Set up a meeting next week; APl task Kaine is asking Thor for input, will follow-up. Q: Final approve for follow-up info session after Carole‚Äôs first initial approval.  Olisa suggested OCM team can decide/ collectively decision   |   
| **Sienna** | **Nov02**: 9208 Voluntary Dissolution(VD) Impact assessment under review; Assign tickets to other teams. Tickets duplicated with Suzanne‚Äôs tickets, will use Suzanne‚Äôs ticket; Pull new task VD into In Progress  |   
| **John** | **Nov02**: transfer 9879 to Zac, working on 8955 and two impacts session; then more focus on info sessions.|   
| **Suzanne** | **Nov02**: Women entrepreneur session yesterday, small biz & community future,  later Camber few come weeks later;  Finance partner info session awareness; ICBC handle themselves, we will provide the date   |   
| **Olisa** | **Nov02**: Met policy team for PPR yesterday, it‚Äôs on track; Working on 9775; Engagement meeting went well  |   
| **Zac** | **Nov02**: will discuss with John and take over non-ministry staff communication   |   
| **Cameron** |**Nov02**: Together with Sienna and John, review impact yesterday Nov1st   |   
| **Kaine** | **Nov02**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Add Deadline on each ticket, only exception is tickets for recurrence events  
- Considering for OCM metrics: 
  - Short term: Fib/Velocity; # of tickets we finished during two weeks, more?
  - Long term: user adoption, more?
  - Others: # of info session we provided, # of training session we provided , more?
  
- Try one person responsible for a certain ZH ticket at the same time, avoid shared assigners/responsibilities 
  - If current assignee has finished his/her part, can add a comment on the ticket and tag to the person who will take next action (**maybe there are also some exceptions here??**)
- Decision is not needed -> Create OCM Ticket Template, and including deadline and other mandate part in the template. While **recommendation is to add dependencies and/or links of design, or output/result in ticket description**
- On the OCM Board: will Ping high priority if this ticket is preferred to be the next pick/working task from team

**Decisions: -** 

-  

---
### **28 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine; Suzanne

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct28**: Working on awareness campaign Ticket and Update board; 9524 will redefine this ticket and move to backlog |  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct28**: Tasks from Sienna 9678 , put video on YouTube is in progress; 9758 and 9208 is in progress, 4 tickets ready to start |   
| **Mags** |**Oct28**:Hold Info session  yesterday;  FAQ plan for all projects ‚Äì create another epic 9862; API Communication with Kaine, Auth and payment; POST API communication, will talk with Trish 9838 |   
| **Sienna** |**Oct28**: Knowledge base handover with Maribeth, will be working on VD(Voluntary Dissolution);  7072 is blocking? No Will work together with Suzanne ;All voluntary Dissolution tickets are ready to start  |   
| **John** | **Oct28**: working on Campaign tickets; 8955: DL Nov1st, all will meet next Monday with others; 6966 is done; 7413 is closed ; 9675 Ready to start.|   
| **Suzanne** | **Oct28**: NA Material for present, Monday meeting future meeting (9790) ‚Äì reuse the same slide deck (Follow-up with Suzanne)  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct28**: Finial draft instruction, meeting on Monday, package will go with communication; Will assign tickets if applicable; Happy to review and approval tickets; Follow-up with Suzanne to review the content, send email to Suzanne |   
| **Zac** | **Oct28**: Tag assessment talk with home team, establish connection, try to unde stand future status, will discuss on Monday |   
| **Cameron** |**Oct28**: Cameron: Knowledge base is missing / update the doc; working on 8955, also working on assessment this morning  |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct28**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Almost Done: Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board, to add description and DL
- Create OCM Ticket Template, and including deadline and other mandate part in the template

**Decisions: -** 

- 

---
### **26 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Kaine;

**Notes:-**

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct26**: Ministry Gov account, Maribeth to have info session scheduled today; partner info session/awareness to transfer to new system; Tech ticket to manage access to product. Ready to start with high priority can be pulled to ‚ÄúIn Progress‚Äù|  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct26**:: Refine google form, send message to GovAccount; info session with Gov user; Working together with Suanne for OneStop; Reorg ZH tickets |   
| **Mags** | **Oct26**:: Working with Cynthia for OIC package; will talk with Trish for internal stakeholder for PPR; Question about ticket granular level (will discuss in grooming/planning); working on 9555 and 9758, for google form/link will work together with Suanne; 9736 will talk with Kaine|   
| **Sienna** | **Oct26**:: Will move some ‚ÄúIn Progress ‚Äù tasks to other team members, will talk with Maribeth, Training session is top priority, also working on voluntary dissolution |   
| **John** | **Oct26**:: 6966 for review; FAQ is a good idea. Ready for next session, will communicate with Mags and Maribeth. Will be working on 7413 and 9675.|   
| **Suzanne** | **Oct26**:: The rest cannot on-board, maybe have another info session later, 100 user/20 ministry users; Send partner group email; ICBC internal users (1700 internal users); have issue with ZH account; preparing presentation for next week influencer communication sessions: (Women biz and small biz ); also work on CMS tasks, finish names‚Äô form  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct26**:: 9704 has sent email yesterday, setup account; PPR is next task, will get Subject Matter Expert to join; 9776 will coming this week (Still in New Issue Pipeline); another related ticket 9775 |   
| **Zac** | **Oct26**: New BA for Relationships team, will join OCM gradually |   
| **Cameron** | **Oct26**: Work with Dashy DA team, and work with Thor to setup workshop, can help with GH/ZH user ID, Track all info; will review/approve tickets with in approve pipeline |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct26**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board
- Fix GH handle for Maribeth and Sienna, Suanne

**Decisions: -** 



---
### **21 Oct 2021: Stand-up Summary** 

**Absentees:-**

- Olisa; Suanne; Kaine; John (sent update on RC)

**Notes:-**

- ‚ÄúReady to Start‚Äù tickets are ready for team to pull ‚ÄúIn Progress‚Äù 

| Name | Update | 
| --- | ---- | 
| **Trish** | **Oct21**: Pull all tickets to ZH; Prioritized tickets in different pipeline. ‚ÄúReady to Start‚Äù tickets are ready for team to pull ‚ÄúIn Progress‚Äù;  Team setup on GH, will tag tickets to team for awareness ; Invite Linda to join OneStop meetings (Olisa will setup), and other stakeholders meeting. Will add John, Jyoti, W Camron in this meeting (Ticket#9702)|  
| **Maribeth** | **Oct21**: send invite for Nov27th meeting; will have Dry-run meeting with David next Tuesday; Move tickets to ZH|   
| **Mags** | **Oct21**: help with 27th session, ask Jyoti for recording; PPR communication; API communication|   
| **Sienna** | **Oct21**: Move Video ticket to done, will send training material for review; 300 audiences will join;  will transfer part of work to Maribeth (From Trish); Current priority is voluntary dissolution for Nov16th or week after|   
| **John** | **Oct21**: I'll be working on the email for 6966. I will check in via email with BCOL Admin for 7413 (touchpoint yesterday was cancelled due to absences on their side).|   
| **Suzanne** | **Oct21**: NA  |   
| **Olisa** | **Oct21**: NA |   
| **Kaine** | **Oct21**: NA |   

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board
- Invite PO to join stakeholders meeting
- Fix GH handle for Maribeth and Sienna
- Jinghua to change Retro time

**Decisions: -** 



---
### **Oct18 2021: Stand-up Summary**

**Absentees:-**

None

**Notes:-**

- Sienna: SBC Training Video, will send for review; Prepare for SBC training; TBD Impact Assessment

- John:  Engagement session presentation;  Verify identity, service card flow; BC ID flow to demo; general intro about mobile card

- Suzanne: Coordinate general stakeholders, set meeting with legal/gov; registry party meeting; move to ZH; to see what tools they have, any opportunities and speciality from general stakeholders

- Maribeth: Prepare for tomorrow‚Äôs engagement session (300 join tomorrow, and next 27 sessions); PI Planning move to ZH; Wills users have monthly session

- Mags: help cross team; meet Kaine to get ready for PPR go-live

- Olisa: PPR Draft communication plan; prepare OIC package; ZH Space/Private repo for staff)

- Trish: BC chamber; small Biz, women Biz; home team conversation

- Kaine: PO should join meetings related with BC chamber, small biz and women biz

**Action Items: -**

- Refine ZH Tickets on OCM Board

- Jinghua to change Retro time

**Decisions: -** 


**Coming Vacation/Absence: -** 
- Mags: November 12-19
- Kaine: December 3-17
